Update docs describing esmda restarts (#5874)
equinor/ert: docs/getting_started/howto/esmda_restart.rst

Restarting ES-MDA
-----------------
Imagine you are conducting an experiment consisting of three iterations of ES-MDA, 
with each iteration potentially taking hours or even days.
For the purposes of this example, assume that the "Relative weights" are set to ``4, 2, 1``.

As part of running this experiment, ERT creates four ensembles, which by default are named ``default_0``, ``default_1`` and ``default_2``, ``default_3``.
It is possible that too many realizations fail during the model evaluation in ``default_3``, leaving no responses to analyse.

> Various factors, including licensing issues with the simulator, can lead to such failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various factors, for example license server issues or compute cluster downtime, can lead to such failures.
```

Restarting ES-MDA
-----------------
Imagine you are conducting an experiment consisting of three iterations of ES-MDA, 
with each iteration potentially taking hours or even days.
For the purposes of this example, assume that the "Relative weights" are set to ``4, 2, 1``.

As part of running this experiment, ERT creates four ensembles, which by default are named ``default_0``, ``default_1`` and ``default_2``, ``default_3``.
Sadly, too many realizations fail during the model evaluation in ``default_3``, leaving no responses to analyse.

> Such failures can arise for various reasons, such as licensing problems with the simulator, unphysical parameterization etc.

Reviewer: But if the parameterization is unphysical, a restart will not help, so perhaps add some information about which cases are worth restarting from?

Author: Thanks 👍 
I have also updated the sentence that started with "Sadly".
